feat: added docs for custom HTTP client injection for S3 client creation (#2187)
shopware/docs: guides/hosting/infrastructure/filesystem.md

If your S3 provider does not use buckets as subdomain like Minio in default configuration, you need to set `use_path_style_endpoint` to `true` inside `config`.

#### Custom HTTP client for S3

By default, the underlying AsyncAws S3 client creates its own HTTP client internally, which includes a `RetryableHttpClient` with an AWS-specific retry strategy. This handles transient errors like throttling (HTTP 429), server errors (HTTP 5xx), and other AWS-specific error codes automatically.

> If you need to customize the HTTP behavior for S3 operations (e.g., timeouts, HTTP protocol version, or proxy settings), you can register a service with the ID `shopware.filesystem.s3.client`. When this service exists, Shopware injects it into both the filesystem adapter and presigned URL generation.

Reviewer: Spell check is complaining on this line. I guess we can fix it with changing "presigned" to "pre-signed".

https://github.com/shopware/docs/actions/runs/23053515188/job/66963582693?pr=2187#step:4:371
```suggestion
If you need to customize the HTTP behavior for S3 operations (e.g., timeouts, HTTP protocol version, or proxy settings), you can register a service with the ID `shopware.filesystem.s3.client`. When this service exists, Shopware injects it into both the filesystem adapter and pre-signed URL generation.
```

::: info
When you provide a custom HTTP client, AsyncAws will **not** wrap it in its own `RetryableHttpClient`. If you need retry behavior, you must configure it yourself as shown below.
:::

**Simple configuration** (custom timeouts, no retry handling):

```yaml
# config/packages/framework.yaml
framework:
    http_client:
        scoped_clients:
            s3.http_client:
                base_uri: '{your-s3-endpoint}'
                timeout: 30.0
                http_version: '1.1'
```

```php
// config/services.php
<?php declare(strict_types=1);

use Symfony\Component\DependencyInjection\Loader\Configurator\ContainerConfigurator;

return static function (ContainerConfigurator $configurator): void {
    $services = $configurator->services();

    $services->alias('shopware.filesystem.s3.client', 's3.http_client');
};
```

**Recommended configuration** (custom settings with AWS retry support):

```yaml
# config/packages/framework.yaml
framework:
    http_client:
        scoped_clients:
            s3.http_client:
                base_uri: '{your-s3-endpoint}'
                timeout: 30.0
                http_version: '1.1'
```

```php

> // config/services.php

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// <plugin root>/src/Resources/config/services.php
```
